WalletWasabi.Documentation/BackendDeployment.md, before:

# Update

Consider updating the versions in `WalletWasabi.Helpers.Constants`. If the versions are updated, make sure the Client Release is already available before updating the backend.

```sh
sudo apt-get update && cd ~/WalletWasabi && git pull && cd ~
sudo service nginx stop
sudo systemctl stop walletwasabi.service
sudo killall tor
bitcoin-cli stop
sudo apt-get upgrade -y && sudo apt-get autoremove -y
sudo reboot
set DOTNET_CLI_TELEMETRY_OPTOUT=1
bitcoind
bitcoin-cli getblockchaininfo
tor
sudo service nginx start
dotnet publish ~/WalletWasabi/WalletWasabi.Backend --configuration Release --self-contained false
sudo systemctl start walletwasabi.service
pgrep -ilfa tor && pgrep -ilfa bitcoin && pgrep -ilfa wasabi && pgrep -ilfa nginx
tail -10000 ~/.walletwasabi/backend/Logs.txt
```

# 1. Create Remote Server

## Name
WalletWasabi.Backend.[TestNet/Main]

## Image
Ubuntu 18.04 x64

## Region
Mostly anywhere is fine, except the US or China.

## Size

https://bitcoin.org/en/full-node#minimum-requirements

[4GB Standard/32GB Standard]

# 2. Setup Server

https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/initial-server-setup-with-ubuntu-18-04

## SSH in as Root

Putty (Copypaste with Ctrl+Insert and Shift+Insert)
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-ssh-keys-with-putty-on-digitalocean-droplets-windows-users

### Create a New User and Grant Administrative Privileges

```sh
adduser user
usermod -aG sudo user
```

# Setup Firewall

https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-a-firewall-with-ufw-on-ubuntu-14-04

```sh
ufw allow OpenSSH
ufw enable
```

> As the firewall is currently blocking all connections except for SSH, if you install and configure additional services, you will need to adjust the firewall settings to allow acceptable traffic in. You can learn some common UFW operations in this guide.
> https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/ufw-essentials-common-firewall-rules-and-commands

## Enable External Access for User

```sh
rsync --archive --chown=user:user ~/.ssh /home/user
```

## Update Ubuntu

```sh
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get dist-upgrade -y
```

# 3. Install .NET SDK

https://www.microsoft.com/net/learn/get-started/linux/ubuntu18-04

Opt out of the telemetry:

```sh
export DOTNET_CLI_TELEMETRY_OPTOUT=1
```

# 4. Install Tor

```sh
sudo apt-get install tor
```

Check if Tor is already running in the background:

```sh
pgrep -ilfa tor
sudo killall tor
```

Verify Tor is properly running:
```sh
tor
```

Create torrc:

```sh
sudo pico /etc/tor/torrc
```

```sh
HiddenServiceDir /home/user/.hidden_service_v3
HiddenServiceVersion 3
HiddenServicePort 80 127.0.0.1:37127

RunAsDaemon 1

# ---MAKE TOR FASTER---

# Need to disable for HiddenServiceNonAnonymousMode
SOCKSPort 0
# Need to enable for HiddenServiceSingleHopMode
HiddenServiceNonAnonymousMode 1
# This option makes every hidden service instance hosted by a tor
# instance a Single Onion Service. One-hop circuits make Single Onion
# servers easily locatable, but clients remain location-anonymous.
HiddenServiceSingleHopMode 1
```

Enable firewall:
```sh
sudo ufw allow 80
```

**Backup the generated private key!**

# 5. Install, Configure and Synchronize bitcoind

https://bitcoin.org/en/download

```sh
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:bitcoin/bitcoin
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install bitcoind
mkdir ~/.bitcoin
pico ~/.bitcoin/bitcoin.conf
```

```sh
testnet=[0/1]

[main/test].rpcworkqueue=64

[main/test].txindex=1

[main/test].daemon=1
[main/test].server=1
[main/test].rpcuser=bitcoinuser
[main/test].rpcpassword=password
[main/test].whitelist=127.0.0.1
#[main/test].debug=rpc     # in some cases it could be good to uncomment this line.
```
https://bitcoincore.org/en/releases/0.18.0/
https://medium.com/@loopring/how-to-run-lighting-btc-node-and-start-mining-b55c4bab8ad
https://github.com/MrChrisJ/fullnode/issues/18

```sh
sudo ufw allow ssh
sudo ufw allow [18333/8333]
bitcoind
bitcoin-cli getblockcount
bitcoin-cli stop
bitcoind
```

# 6. Publish, Configure and Run WalletWasabi.Backend

```sh
git clone https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi.git
cd WalletWasabi
dotnet restore
dotnet build
dotnet publish WalletWasabi.Backend --configuration Release --self-contained false
dotnet WalletWasabi.Backend/bin/Release/netcoreapp2.2/publish/WalletWasabi.Backend.dll
cd ..
cat .walletwasabi/backend/Logs.txt
pico .walletwasabi/backend/Config.json
pico .walletwasabi/backend/CcjRoundConfig.json
dotnet WalletWasabi/WalletWasabi.Backend/bin/Release/netcoreapp2.2/publish/WalletWasabi.Backend.dll
cat .walletwasabi/backend/Logs.txt
```

# 7. Monitor the Apps

## WalletWasabi.Backend

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/linux-nginx?view=aspnetcore-2.0&tabs=aspnetcore2x

```sh
sudo pico /etc/systemd/system/walletwasabi.service
```

```sh
[Unit]
Description=WalletWasabi Backend API

[Service]
WorkingDirectory=/home/user/WalletWasabi/WalletWasabi.Backend/bin/Release/netcoreapp2.2/publish
ExecStart=/usr/bin/dotnet /home/user/WalletWasabi/WalletWasabi.Backend/bin/Release/netcoreapp2.2/publish/WalletWasabi.Backend.dll
Restart=always
RestartSec=10  # Restart service after 10 seconds if dotnet service crashes
SyslogIdentifier=walletwasabi-backend
User=user
Environment=DOTNET_PRINT_TELEMETRY_MESSAGE=false

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

```sh
sudo systemctl enable walletwasabi.service
sudo systemctl start walletwasabi.service
systemctl status walletwasabi.service
tail -10000 .walletwasabi/backend/Logs.txt
```

## Tor

```sh
tor
pgrep -ilfa tor
```

# 8. Setup Nginx

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/linux-nginx?view=aspnetcore-2.0&tabs=aspnetcore2x#install-nginx
Only setup Nginx if you want to expose the autogenerated website to the clearnet.

Enable firewall:
```sh
sudo ufw allow http
sudo ufw allow https
```

```sh
sudo apt-get install nginx -y
sudo service nginx start
```
Verify the browser displays the default landing page for Nginx.
The landing page is reachable at `http://<server_IP_address>/index.nginx-debian.html`

```sh
sudo pico /etc/nginx/sites-available/default
```

Fill out the first server's name with the server's IP and domain, and remove the unneeded domains and the second server. (Note that I use `wasabiwallet.co` for testnet.)

```
server {
    listen        80;
    listen        [::]:80;
    listen        443 ssl;
    listen        [::]:443 ssl;
    server_name   [InsertServerIPHere] wasabiwallet.net www.wasabiwallet.net wasabiwallet.org www.wasabiwallet.org wasabiwallet.info www.wasabiwallet.info wasabiwallet.co www.wasabiwallet.co zerolink.info www.zerolink.info hiddenwallet.org www.hiddenwallet.org;
    location / {
        sub_filter '<head>'  '<head><meta name="robots" content="noindex, nofollow" />';
        sub_filter_once on;
        proxy_pass         http://localhost:37127;
    }
}

server {
    listen        80;
    listen        [::]:80;
    listen        443 ssl;
    listen        [::]:443 ssl;
    server_name   wasabiwallet.io www.wasabiwallet.io;
    location / {
        proxy_pass         http://localhost:37127;
    }
}
```

```sh
sudo nginx -t
sudo nginx -s reload
```

Setup https, redirect to https when asks. This will modify the above config file, but oh well.

```sh
sudo certbot -d wasabiwallet.io -d www.wasabiwallet.io -d wasabiwallet.net -d www.wasabiwallet.net -d wasabiwallet.org -d www.wasabiwallet.org -d wasabiwallet.info -d www.wasabiwallet.info -d wasabiwallet.co -d www.wasabiwallet.co -d zerolink.info -d www.zerolink.info -d hiddenwallet.org -d www.hiddenwallet.org
```

certbot will not properly redirect www, so it must be setup by hand, one by one.
Duplicate all entries like this by adding a `www.`:
```
server {
    if ($host = wasabiwallet.co) {
        return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
    }
}
```

Add `add_header Strict-Transport-Security "max-age=31536000; includeSubDomains; preload" always;` and `server_tokens off;` to every HTTPS `server` block.

```sh
sudo nginx -t
sudo nginx -s reload
```

After accessing the website finalize preload in https://hstspreload.org/

# Check If Everything Works

TestNet: http://testwnp3fugjln6vh5vpj7mvq3lkqqwjj3c2aafyu7laxz42kgwh2rad.onion/swagger/
Main: http://wasabiukrxmkdgve5kynjztuovbg43uxcbcxn6y2okcrsg7gb6jdmbad.onion/swagger/
GET fees

http://www.wasabiwallet.io/

# Check Statuses

```sh
tail -f ~/.bitcoin/debug.log
tail -10000 .walletwasabi/backend/Logs.txt
du -bsh .walletwasabi/backend/IndexBuilderService/*
```

# Additional (optional) Settings

## Rolling Bitcoin Core node debug logs

The following command line adds a configuration file to let logrotate service know
how to rotate the bitcoin debug logs.

```sh
sudo tee -a /etc/logrotate.d/bitcoin <<EOS
/home/user/.bitcoin/debug.log
{
        su user user
        rotate 5
        copytruncate
        daily
        missingok
        notifempty
        compress
        delaycompress
        sharedscripts
}
EOS
```

**Note:** In test server replace the first line by the following one `/home/user/.bitcoin/testnet3/debug.log`

## Welcome Banner

The following command line adds a welcome banner indicating the ssh logged user that he is in the production server.

```sh
sudo tee -a /etc/motd <<EOS
****************************************************************************
*** Attention! Wasabi PRODUCTION server                                  ***
****************************************************************************
EOS
```

## Prompt

Additionally to the welcome banner it could be good to know in what server we are all the time, in this case update the prompt as follow:

```sh
pico ~/.bashrc
```

Replace the line:

```sh
PS1='${debian_chroot:+($debian_chroot)}\[\033[01;32m\]\u@\h\[\033[00m\]:\[\033[01;34m\]\w\[\033[00m\]\$ '
```

by this one:

```sh
PS1='${debian_chroot:+($debian_chroot)}\[\033[01;32m\]\u@\h\[\033[00m\]:(PROD):\[\033[01;34m\]\w\[\033[00m\]\$ '
```

**Note:** In the test server replace the word **PROD** by **TEST**

Commit message:

Add suggestion to check indexing service progress

WalletWasabi.Documentation/BackendDeployment.md, after:

# Update

Consider updating the versions in `WalletWasabi.Helpers.Constants`. If the versions are updated, make sure the Client Release is already available before updating the backend.

```sh
sudo apt-get update && cd ~/WalletWasabi && git pull && cd ~
sudo service nginx stop
sudo systemctl stop walletwasabi.service
sudo killall tor
bitcoin-cli stop
sudo apt-get upgrade -y && sudo apt-get autoremove -y
sudo reboot
set DOTNET_CLI_TELEMETRY_OPTOUT=1
bitcoind
bitcoin-cli getblockchaininfo
tor
sudo service nginx start
dotnet publish ~/WalletWasabi/WalletWasabi.Backend --configuration Release --self-contained false
sudo systemctl start walletwasabi.service
pgrep -ilfa tor && pgrep -ilfa bitcoin && pgrep -ilfa wasabi && pgrep -ilfa nginx
tail -10000 ~/.walletwasabi/backend/Logs.txt
```

# 1. Create Remote Server

## Name
WalletWasabi.Backend.[TestNet/Main]

## Image
Ubuntu 18.04 x64

## Region
Mostly anywhere is fine, except the US or China.

## Size

https://bitcoin.org/en/full-node#minimum-requirements

[4GB Standard/32GB Standard]

# 2. Setup Server

https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/initial-server-setup-with-ubuntu-18-04

## SSH in as Root

Putty (Copypaste with Ctrl+Insert and Shift+Insert)
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-ssh-keys-with-putty-on-digitalocean-droplets-windows-users

### Create a New User and Grant Administrative Privileges

```sh
adduser user
usermod -aG sudo user
```

# Setup Firewall

https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-a-firewall-with-ufw-on-ubuntu-14-04

```sh
ufw allow OpenSSH
ufw enable
```

> As the firewall is currently blocking all connections except for SSH, if you install and configure additional services, you will need to adjust the firewall settings to allow acceptable traffic in. You can learn some common UFW operations in this guide.
> https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/ufw-essentials-common-firewall-rules-and-commands

## Enable External Access for User

```sh
rsync --archive --chown=user:user ~/.ssh /home/user
```

## Update Ubuntu

```sh
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get dist-upgrade -y
```

# 3. Install .NET SDK

https://www.microsoft.com/net/learn/get-started/linux/ubuntu18-04

Opt out of the telemetry:

```sh
export DOTNET_CLI_TELEMETRY_OPTOUT=1
```

# 4. Install Tor

```sh
sudo apt-get install tor
```

Check if Tor is already running in the background:

```sh
pgrep -ilfa tor
sudo killall tor
```

Verify Tor is properly running:
```sh
tor
```

Create torrc:

```sh
sudo pico /etc/tor/torrc
```

```sh
HiddenServiceDir /home/user/.hidden_service_v3
HiddenServiceVersion 3
HiddenServicePort 80 127.0.0.1:37127

RunAsDaemon 1

# ---MAKE TOR FASTER---

# Need to disable for HiddenServiceNonAnonymousMode
SOCKSPort 0
# Need to enable for HiddenServiceSingleHopMode
HiddenServiceNonAnonymousMode 1
# This option makes every hidden service instance hosted by a tor
# instance a Single Onion Service. One-hop circuits make Single Onion
# servers easily locatable, but clients remain location-anonymous.
HiddenServiceSingleHopMode 1
```

Enable firewall:
```sh
sudo ufw allow 80
```

**Backup the generated private key!**

# 5. Install, Configure and Synchronize bitcoind

https://bitcoin.org/en/download

```sh
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:bitcoin/bitcoin
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install bitcoind
mkdir ~/.bitcoin
pico ~/.bitcoin/bitcoin.conf
```

```sh
testnet=[0/1]

[main/test].rpcworkqueue=64

[main/test].txindex=1

[main/test].daemon=1
[main/test].server=1
[main/test].rpcuser=bitcoinuser
[main/test].rpcpassword=password
[main/test].whitelist=127.0.0.1
#[main/test].debug=rpc     # in some cases it could be good to uncomment this line.
```
https://bitcoincore.org/en/releases/0.18.0/
https://medium.com/@loopring/how-to-run-lighting-btc-node-and-start-mining-b55c4bab8ad
https://github.com/MrChrisJ/fullnode/issues/18

```sh
sudo ufw allow ssh
sudo ufw allow [18333/8333]
bitcoind
bitcoin-cli getblockcount
bitcoin-cli stop
bitcoind
```

# 6. Publish, Configure and Run WalletWasabi.Backend

```sh
git clone https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi.git
cd WalletWasabi
dotnet restore
dotnet build
dotnet publish WalletWasabi.Backend --configuration Release --self-contained false
dotnet WalletWasabi.Backend/bin/Release/netcoreapp2.2/publish/WalletWasabi.Backend.dll
cd ..
cat .walletwasabi/backend/Logs.txt
pico .walletwasabi/backend/Config.json
pico .walletwasabi/backend/CcjRoundConfig.json
dotnet WalletWasabi/WalletWasabi.Backend/bin/Release/netcoreapp2.2/publish/WalletWasabi.Backend.dll
cat .walletwasabi/backend/Logs.txt
```

# 7. Monitor the Apps

## WalletWasabi.Backend

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/linux-nginx?view=aspnetcore-2.0&tabs=aspnetcore2x

```sh
sudo pico /etc/systemd/system/walletwasabi.service
```

```sh
[Unit]
Description=WalletWasabi Backend API

[Service]
WorkingDirectory=/home/user/WalletWasabi/WalletWasabi.Backend/bin/Release/netcoreapp2.2/publish
ExecStart=/usr/bin/dotnet /home/user/WalletWasabi/WalletWasabi.Backend/bin/Release/netcoreapp2.2/publish/WalletWasabi.Backend.dll
Restart=always
RestartSec=10  # Restart service after 10 seconds if dotnet service crashes
SyslogIdentifier=walletwasabi-backend
User=user
Environment=DOTNET_PRINT_TELEMETRY_MESSAGE=false

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

```sh
sudo systemctl enable walletwasabi.service
sudo systemctl start walletwasabi.service
systemctl status walletwasabi.service
tail -10000 .walletwasabi/backend/Logs.txt
```

(optional) After starting bitcoind and the walletwasabi.service we can check the indexing service progress by doing:
```sh
bitcoin-cli getblockchaininfo | grep blocks
cat .walletwasabi/backend/Logs.txt | grep filter | tail -1
```

## Tor

```sh
tor
pgrep -ilfa tor
```

# 8. Setup Nginx

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/linux-nginx?view=aspnetcore-2.0&tabs=aspnetcore2x#install-nginx
Only setup Nginx if you want to expose the autogenerated website to the clearnet.

Enable firewall:
```sh
sudo ufw allow http
sudo ufw allow https
```

```sh
sudo apt-get install nginx -y
sudo service nginx start
```
Verify the browser displays the default landing page for Nginx.
The landing page is reachable at `http://<server_IP_address>/index.nginx-debian.html`

```sh
sudo pico /etc/nginx/sites-available/default
```

Fill out the first server's name with the server's IP and domain, and remove the unneeded domains and the second server. (Note that I use `wasabiwallet.co` for testnet.)

```
server {
    listen        80;
    listen        [::]:80;
    listen        443 ssl;
    listen        [::]:443 ssl;
    server_name   [InsertServerIPHere] wasabiwallet.net www.wasabiwallet.net wasabiwallet.org www.wasabiwallet.org wasabiwallet.info www.wasabiwallet.info wasabiwallet.co www.wasabiwallet.co zerolink.info www.zerolink.info hiddenwallet.org www.hiddenwallet.org;
    location / {
        sub_filter '<head>'  '<head><meta name="robots" content="noindex, nofollow" />';
        sub_filter_once on;
        proxy_pass         http://localhost:37127;
    }
}

server {
    listen        80;
    listen        [::]:80;
    listen        443 ssl;
    listen        [::]:443 ssl;
    server_name   wasabiwallet.io www.wasabiwallet.io;
    location / {
        proxy_pass         http://localhost:37127;
    }
}
```

```sh
sudo nginx -t
sudo nginx -s reload
```

Setup https, redirect to https when asks. This will modify the above config file, but oh well.

```sh
sudo certbot -d wasabiwallet.io -d www.wasabiwallet.io -d wasabiwallet.net -d www.wasabiwallet.net -d wasabiwallet.org -d www.wasabiwallet.org -d wasabiwallet.info -d www.wasabiwallet.info -d wasabiwallet.co -d www.wasabiwallet.co -d zerolink.info -d www.zerolink.info -d hiddenwallet.org -d www.hiddenwallet.org
```

certbot will not properly redirect www, so it must be setup by hand, one by one.
Duplicate all entries like this by adding a `www.`:
```
server {
    if ($host = wasabiwallet.co) {
        return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
    }
}
```

Add `add_header Strict-Transport-Security "max-age=31536000; includeSubDomains; preload" always;` and `server_tokens off;` to every HTTPS `server` block.

```sh
sudo nginx -t
sudo nginx -s reload
```

After accessing the website finalize preload in https://hstspreload.org/

# Check If Everything Works

TestNet: http://testwnp3fugjln6vh5vpj7mvq3lkqqwjj3c2aafyu7laxz42kgwh2rad.onion/swagger/
Main: http://wasabiukrxmkdgve5kynjztuovbg43uxcbcxn6y2okcrsg7gb6jdmbad.onion/swagger/
GET fees

http://www.wasabiwallet.io/

# Check Statuses

```sh
tail -f ~/.bitcoin/debug.log
tail -10000 .walletwasabi/backend/Logs.txt
du -bsh .walletwasabi/backend/IndexBuilderService/*
```

# Additional (optional) Settings

## Rolling Bitcoin Core node debug logs

The following command line adds a configuration file to let logrotate service know
how to rotate the bitcoin debug logs.

```sh
sudo tee -a /etc/logrotate.d/bitcoin <<EOS
/home/user/.bitcoin/debug.log
{
        su user user
        rotate 5
        copytruncate
        daily
        missingok
        notifempty
        compress
        delaycompress
        sharedscripts
}
EOS
```

**Note:** In test server replace the first line by the following one `/home/user/.bitcoin/testnet3/debug.log`

## Welcome Banner

The following command line adds a welcome banner indicating the ssh logged user that he is in the production server.

```sh
sudo tee -a /etc/motd <<EOS
****************************************************************************
*** Attention! Wasabi PRODUCTION server                                  ***
****************************************************************************
EOS
```

## Prompt

Additionally to the welcome banner it could be good to know in what server we are all the time, in this case update the prompt as follow:

```sh
pico ~/.bashrc
```

Replace the line:

```sh
PS1='${debian_chroot:+($debian_chroot)}\[\033[01;32m\]\u@\h\[\033[00m\]:\[\033[01;34m\]\w\[\033[00m\]\$ '
```

by this one:

```sh
PS1='${debian_chroot:+($debian_chroot)}\[\033[01;32m\]\u@\h\[\033[00m\]:(PROD):\[\033[01;34m\]\w\[\033[00m\]\$ '
```

**Note:** In the test server replace the word **PROD** by **TEST**
